NSCC Orginal Content copy
NSCCinfo.org
nsccsupport.com $12
nsccservices.com $12/year 



12/07/2020

1. Work Proposal/binder log
dates/goals/timeline
calander schedule


2. Preperation and Research 
moodboard
excel list of 20 sites
compile all information and copy into document


3. Design
use drawing app to draw wireframes 
design plans and objective list
website design checklist template
images/graphic/tex
ss layout/template
High-fidelity Prototype 

4. Development
start outline for the design process.
select css framework
test




Newton Square Counseling Center
NSCC
counseling for children, teens, and adults
PH: 508.752.5880
338 Highland Street
Worcester, MA 01602
PH: 508.752.5880
F: 508.831.9967
MISSION:
was established over 20 years ago. The clinicians at NSCC have extensive experience and a wealth of clinical expertise. We are a group private practice, consisting of independently licensed mental health practitioners who have come together to share a common goal. Our philosophy is to meet the emotional needs of our clients: children, teenagers, parents, families, and adults of all walks of life. There is not one kind of issue, not one kind of family, and not one approach to resolving life's challenges.
Content copyright Newton Square Counseling Center 2006 . Website Created by Sherri Snyder ~ snydrshrr@aol.com . All rights reserved.

Directions:
NSCC is conveniently located at 338 Highland Street near Elm Park on the Newton Square Rotary. Our building is wheelchair accessible and easily accessibly by public transportation. Off street parking is available.
Interactive GoogleMap:


===
Our Clinicians:

Profile #01:
Zamir Nestelbaum, MD., MPH (ext. 10)
President, Newton Square Health Center, P.C.

Credentials:
Board Certified in Psychiatry
Fellow, American Psychiatric Association
Chief, Psychiatric Services at Harrington Memorial Hospital (Southbridge, MA)
Psychiatric Consultant, Monson Developmental Center
Independent Medical Examiner, Massachusetts Department of Industrial Accidents
Associate in Psychiatry, University of Massachusetts Medical School

Training: MD, University of Massachusetts Medical School
MPH, University of Michigan

Internship: George Washington University Medical Center, Washington, D.C.

Residency: Mt. Sinai Medical Center, New York

Fellowship: New York State Psychiatric Institute

Dr. Nestelbaum provides psychiatric evaluation and psychopharmocology and treatment for adults, older adults, and adolescents over age 15. Disability and Forensic evaluations are also provided. Dr. Nestelbaum grew up in Worcester and knows the neighborhood quite well. He has been practicing at Newton Square since 1989. Virtually all local insurance plans are accepted.

Appointments can be made or changed through Ginny Maher-Cooper at: nscc338@verizon.net

No clinical information or prescription refill requests will be handled through this email address.
===

Profile #02:
Jennifer Barris, MA, LICSW  (ext. 27)
Master's Degree in Social Work

Jennifer is a private practitioner and consultant. She received her B.A. at Boston University and Master's of Social Work at The University of New England, Me. She is an experienced clinician of nearly 20 years who is primarily trained in Cognitive Behavioral psychotherapy with an emphasis on depression and anxiety. Further emphasis has been on adolescents, adults and Employee Assistance Programs, where she is contracted with a variety of company's EAP in order to provide short-term therapy to employees and their families.
===

profile #03:
Christopher A. Cimmino, MSW, LICSW, LADC I (ext. 18)
 cac2025@yahoo.com 


Licensed Independent Clinical Social Worker
Licensed Alcohol and Drug Counselor I
Member National Association of Social Workers 

Christopher has over twenty-five years of experience in providing services for those suffering from mental health and substance abuse related issues. Over the past twenty years, Christopher has emerged as a highly trusted and reliable therapist, as he continues to offer the highest level and care for his patients.

His focus is cognitive-behavioral therapy, which allows individuals to set attainable goals through planning, pacing, and prioritizing. Consequently, individuals can change negative thought patterns and core beliefs. As a result, individuals often strengthen their ability to communicate effectively and become better advocates for themselves. Clients will learn to become more empowered, feel more peaceful and strengthen their relationships with others.     

Services include one to one therapy, group and family counseling in the comfort of a private setting. Specialties include anxiety, depression, stressful life changes, anger management, self-esteem, men's issues, grief, substance abuse, co-dependency, behavioral addictions, stress management and parenting issues. In addition, he offers psycho-educational and support for parents concerned about their child/teen's use of substances. Most insurance plans are accepted and a sliding fee scale is available for those who chose to self pay.
===

Profile #04:
Mary Johnson, MA, LMHC   (ext. 29)
MJohnson@NSCCinfo.org
Licensed Mental Health Counselor

Mary is a Master's level therapist who graduated from Assumption College and has over 20 years of counseling experience. She has been licensed as a mental health counselor for 12 years and specializes in the treatment of clients and/or families suffering from the effects of substance abuse. Experience includes individual and group treatment, supervision and training in the area of both mental health and addiction issues. She has also conducted court evaluations, performed crisis intervention services, and sees clients with chronic mental illness, trauma histories, and dual-diagnosis. Presently she is in private practice and is a provider for most health insurance companies, including HMOs
===

Profile#05:
Louisa Knowles, MA, LMHC
LKnowles@NSCCinfo.org
Licensed Mental Health Counselor
Certified DBT Practitioner
Certified in EMDR

Louisa has trained extensively in the use of mindfulness and psychotherapy. She has completed an internship at Jon Kabat-Zinn's "Mindfulness Based Stress Management Program" at UMass Medical Center. She has found that Mindfulness combined with psychotherapy to be an effective path to move beyond our negative self-concepts and fears, and to gradually experience our essential wholeness. She is also trained in cognitive and behavior therapy . For sexual abuse and other trauma work, she is a certified practitioner of DBT (dialectical behavior therapy) and EMDR. She provides treatment for anxiety disorders, depression, grief/loss for both children and adults. She also works with clients moving through life transitions, coping with physical illness and with women's issues. She provides treatment to children, adults, couples, and families. Prior to becoming a counselor, Louisa taught Hatha Yoga, meditation, stress management, and was a pre-school teacher.

Profile #06:
Ginny Maher-Cooper  (X 19)
Our gracious office manager who may be reached at 508.7  52.5880 (X 19)

*****
Email contact should not replace therapy sessions nor be of a clinical nature. If you need to schedule or re-schedule an appointment, please call your clinician. If your need is of a crisis nature, please call our main number for further instructions or call 911. *****

Page: Services

Clinical Specialties:
	Parenting
	Eating Disorders
	Relationships
	Teen
	Grief/Loss
	Depression
	Divorce/Separation 
	Work Stress
	Trauma Recovery
	Group Counseling
	Forensic Evaluation
	Disability Evaluation
	Medication Evaluation and Treatment

Our office environment is bright, relaxed and offers a comfortable feeling.

	Health Insurance:
	Most health insurances are accepted, including: BCBS, Fallon, HCHP, Tufts, Value Options, UBH, Cigna, Aetna, Magellan. We participate with many Employee Assistance Programs as well.
	Sliding fee scale is also available.

Page: Resources

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS:
		American Counseling Association
		American Psychological Association
		National Association of Social Workers
		American Mental Health Association
		American Association for Marriage and Family Therapists
*There are some excellent resources and articles on many of these websites.

ANGER MANAGEMENT:
Anger Techniques
Anger Management Program at UMass Med Center
Outlook Associates
Anger Management Online Course

DIVORCE:
Divorce Source
Divorce Support
Guide to Divorce
Women's Divorce
Father's Network

PARENTING:
Do Dads Make a Difference?
Parenting
Parenting 101
Positive Parenting
Raising Teens

SUBSTANCE ABUSE RECOVERY:
Alcoholics Anonymous
Alanon & AlaTeen
Smart Recovery
